4 pts

Correct output for some queries
Some correct queries
Some correct SQL statements
SQL statements are somewhat readable

Recommendations: 
 To improve your readability, write queries like this:
  SELECT DISTINCT pid
  FROM orders
  WHERE aid IN (SELECT aid
                FROM orders
                WHERE cid IN (SELECT cid
                              FROM customers
                              WHERE city = 'Dallas'))
  ORDER BY pid DESC;     -- < notice the correct indentation



2. Get the ids of products ordered through any agent who takes at least one
order from a customer in Dallas, sorted by pid from highest to lowest. (This is
not the same as asking for ids of products ordered by customers in Dallas.)

Incorrect output
- The ORDER BY is incorrect


3. Get the ids and names of customers who did not place an order through agent
a01.

Incorrect output
- You needed to use subqueries not joins.


4. Get the ids of customers who ordered both product p01 and p07.

Incorrect output
- You needed to use subqueries not joins.


5. Get the ids of products not ordered by any customers who placed any order
through agent a07 in pid order from highest to lowest.

Incorrect output
- You needed to use subqueries not joins.


6. Get the name, discounts, and city for all customers who place orders through
agents in London or New York.

Incorrect output
- You needed to use subqueries not joins.


7. Get all customers who have the same discount as that of any customers in
Dallas or London

Incorrect output
- It seems like you did not read the correct instructions for this query. Read
  it again, please.


8. Tell me about check constraints: What are they? What are they good for? What
is the advantage of putting that sort of thing inside the database? Make up
some examples of good uses of check constraints and some examples of bad uses
of check constraints. Explain the differences in your examples and argue your
case.

- What you wrote has nothing to do with check constraints. 


In general: 

- Please do not use tabs for indentation. Use spaces instead.

- Test all your SQL statements.

- Make sure you read all the instructions for queries really well.

- Make sure your name is somewhere in the .sql file.


- Dr. Rivas
